welcome to is point zero the show that
answers life's big questions like was
that a dog or a poeple a dog poeple or a
poeple dog let's have another look well
you know what they say if it walks like
a dog and barks like a dog but it pops
like a poeple chances are it's a poeple
dog nice head but we could use mr.
Popple dog on our pawel ball team I just
like to know what's mr. Popple dog gonna
do if he actually catches it eat it no
buts about it I don't think mr. vacuum
cleaner likes being popped around what
do you think mr. vacuum cleaner is gonna
do if he catches mr. bhathal dog
ah that's what you get likes that's why
I stay far away from that vacuum cleaner
drop you in here
oh well that's all for this edition of
this point zero see you next time if I
make it out of here guys anyone all out
here